# CS319 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings.

****
### Meeting ~ (28.09.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** During this meeting, the topic which has more potential to be suitable for our project group was discussed. There are two potential topic which are mentioned by our instructor Eray Tüzün: "Student Club Manager" and "Pandemic Manager". After our discussion and voting, it was decided that we would like to work on "Student Club Manager" topic as project.

In the meeting, as a group it was also discussed that in which platform we would like to develop our project. In the end of the our discussion, we could not come out with an decision as a group and we delayed this discussion to our next meeting.

Last but not least, we created a list of technologies that we have potential to use during the development of our project. Our potential technologies that can bu used for project are listed below:

- For app development: "Flutter" for client, "Java" for Backend
- For web development: "React" for client, ".NET" or "Java" for Backend

****
### Meeting ~ (02.10.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (ONLINE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting, we firstly discussed that in which platform we would like to develop our project. It should be underlined that we could not come out with a decision for this question during our previous meeting, however, it was finally decided that developing mobile application will be better approach for our project.

Whether our project topic was not announced, we made a brainstorm about what features we should implement to our project if our topic will be given as "Student Club Manager". We also labeled these features as "additional" or "mandatory". These features can be found as list:

- Club president panel to define assignments to club members. (MANDATORY)
- Club board member should be implemented as user type. They will have permission to add/upgrade/delete/share the events. (MANDATORY)
- Calculation of how many potential attendance can be acquired during that event. This calculation will be done according to the conflicts of events. (MANDATORY)
- Displaying information about the events. (MANDATORY)
- Showing users to events that can be attended via notification. (ADDITIONAL)
- Daily events' information displayment. (ADDITIONAL)
- Attend to events. (MANDATORY)
- Sharing information about how event will be done in terms of online or face to face. (MANDATORY)
- Joining with bilkent mails to application. (MANDATORY)
- Implementation of "club following" attribute. (MANDATORY)

During this meeting, the technology that will be used in our client implementation of project was decided as well. We decided to use "Flutter with version 2.5.2" during the client implementation.


**ToDo:** Each member should install Flutter to their computers.

****
### Meeting ~ (09.10.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** During this meeting, we designed our README.md file of our project. Also, we started to design the database of the system. The screenshot of the last version of our database design was attached to the README.md file as well. 

Last but not least, as a group, we came out with new features that might be added to our project. These features can be found as list below:

- Survey add/update/delete feature. (ADDITIONAL)
- Meetings room and class arrangements. (ADDITIONAL)
- Multi-Language attribute. (ADDITIONAL)
- Attendance traction via QR Code. (MANDATORY)
- Survey and attendance track for voting Club hierarchy, elections. (MANDATORY) 

****
### Meeting ~ (17.10.2021, 120 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (ONLINE)

**Discussion:** In this online meeting, we started to design each screen of the BilBoard mobile application project. Based on our design, physical diagram of the all planned screens was drafted. The pdf version of this phsical diagram can be found via following link: https://drive.google.com/file/d/13K4YX46Y5y3n8WQMniAC-qL2XsbxAfKD/view?usp=sharing

Also, during this meeting, the Analysis Report was divided into the sub tasks. Some of these tasks are assigned to specific members of the teams. Details can be found below:

 - **TASK 1**  

    - Writing "Functional Requirement" sub heading of the report.
    - Assigned to Metehan Saçakçı, İlke Doğan
    - Start Date: 17.10.2021 - 12:00
    - Deadline: 18.10.2021 - 23:59

- **TASK 2** 

    - Designing "USE CASE" model of the report.
    - Assigned to Metehan Saçakçı, İlke Doğan
    - Start Date: 19.10.2021 - 15:30
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 3** 

    - Designing "OBJECT AND CLASS" model of the report.
    - Assigned to Aslı Dinç, Hacı Çakın
    - Start Date: 19.10.2021 - 17:30
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 4** 

    - Designing "USER INTERFACE" model of the report.
    - Assigned to Muhammet Abullah Koç, Hacı Çakın
    - Start Date: 19.10.2021 - 17:30
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 5** 

    - Designing "DYNAMIC" models of the report.
    - Assigned to ALL MEMBERS
    - Start Date: 19.10.2021 - 17:30
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 6** 

    - Writing "Pseudo Requirement" sub heading of the report.
    - NOT ASSIGNED
    - Start Date: TBA
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 7** 

    - Writing "Introduction" sub heading of the report.
    - NOT ASSIGNED
    - Start Date: TBA
    - Deadline: TBA

- **TASK 8** 

    - Writing "Scenarios" sub heading of the report.
    - NOT ASSIGNED
    - Start Date: TBA
    - Deadline: TBA

****
### Meeting ~ (19.10.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this online meeting, we started to design of each diagram that is required for our Analysis Report. In this meeting, use case diagram was assigned to Metehan and İlke. Class Diagram was assigned to Hacı. Activiy diagrams were assigned to Aslı. User Interface design was assigned to Abdullah.

During this four hour long meeting, as team we proceed with our objectives with fully organization.

Last but not least, during this meeting we decided to add/modify the following features:

- Attendees of an event will be able to grade the event out of five.

- Club Members will have special event feedback system other than the grading system that is mentioned above.

****
### Meeting ~ (26.10.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this online meeting, we started to design of remaining diagrams that is required for our Analysis Report. In this meeting, sequence diagrams were assigned to Metehan and İlke. Class Diagram was assigned to Hacı. Activiy diagrams were assigned to Aslı. State diagrams were assigned to Abdullah.

During this four hour long meeting, as team we proceed with our objectives with fully organization, just like the previous meeting.

Last but not least, during this meeting we decided to add/modify the following features:

- Using string code for attendance taking purposes.

- Each event should have "isVisible" boolean method to hide them from the user.

****
### Meeting ~ (02.11.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** Will be shared!

****
### Meeting ~ (09.11.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** Will be shared!

****
### Meeting ~ (16.11.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** Will be shared!

****
### Meeting ~ (21.11.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (ONLINE)

**Discussion:** Tasks of Design Report is assigned to group members.

- (1) İlke
- (2) Metehan
- (3.1) Abdullah
- (3.2) Aslı, Hacı
- (3.3.1) Abdullah, İlke
- (3.3.2) Aslı, Hacı
- (3.3.3) Aslı, Hacı

****
### Meeting ~ (23.11.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting as a group, we gathered up to complete our Design Report with sync-up process. The each part of our report which was assigned different group members were discussed and the entire iteration 1 of Design Report is completed.

****
### Meeting ~ (28.11.2021, 120 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (ONLINE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting as a group, we started to design our presentation for our first demo. Every member of the group is assigned to a part of the presentation. The tasks can be found below:

- Slides 1 - 4, İlke
- Slides 5 - 7, Abdullah
- Slides 8 - 10, Aslı
- Slides 11 - 17, Metehan
- Slides 18 - 21, Hacı
- Slides 22 - 23, Aslı
- Slides 24, Abdullah

****
### Meeting ~ (30.11.2021, 240 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting as a group, we practiced and made some changes on our demo presentation which is on Friday 03.12.2021-08.05. Also, we revised all of our diagrams.

****
### Meeting ~ (02.11.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting as a group, we practiced our first demo presentation for last time before the actual performance which is tomorrow.

****
### Meeting ~ (03.11.2021, 60 min)
****
**Present:** Everyone (FACE TO FACE)

**Discussion:** In this meeting we evalutated our sibling group's iteration 1 design report.